refactor: converts the github open-auth doc to 'guide' structure (#375)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/guides/nextjs/github-open-authoring/github-forms.md

---
title: Using GitHub Forms
---

You may have noticed that the Tina sidebar is still empty, that's because we need to create a [Form](/docs/forms) to edit the content. Any forms that we have on our site can be created with the `useGithubJsonForm` or `useGithubMarkdownForm` helpers. These helpers will fetch and post data through the GitHub API via the `GithubClient` we registered in `_app.tsx`.

**pages/index.tsx**

```diff
+ import { useGithubJsonForm } from 'react-tinacms-github'

export default function Home({ file }) {
-  const data = file.data
+  const formOptions = {
+    label: 'Home Page',
+    fields: [{ name: 'title', component: 'text' }],
+  }

  // Registers a JSON Tina Form
+  const [data, form] = useGithubJsonForm(file, formOptions)

  return (
    // ...
  )
}

//...
```

> > **This is a different approach** than the Git-based Tina form helpers. Instead of writing locally to the filesystem via Git, the Tina-GitHub helpers source data and commit to a _Working GitHub Repository_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **How does this compare to the Tina-Git form helpers?**
> 
> Tina-GitHub takes a different approach to editing content. Instead of writing locally to the filesystem via Git, the Tina-GitHub helpers source data and commit to a _Working GitHub Repository_.
```
